readme.md, before:

# Winc Academy Booking Api

## Final Back-end Development Assignment

### Author: Ben Janssen

## **Version :** 1.0.0

### Discription:

Dear teacher/mentor,
I have used your test from postman, but on most test results, your test was denied access by the server.
I was able to fix some, but still the most was denied access.

Short explanation of it's structure.

- In the "data" folder you'll find the data provided by you.
- In the "handlers" folder, you'll find all the possible handlers that i have used, to create this back-end app.
  Meaning that all middleware wheater it is middleware or not, everything that handles somthing, is within this folder.
- In the "postman" folder you'll find the test files provided by you.
- In the "route" folder, you'll find the files that defines all the end points.
- In the "services" folder you'll find the files that makes the end points possible and will execute the provided commands and params.
- You'll also see a file called "todo-list.js", this file is exactly that, it helped me to keep track of this assignment.

I have also added my logs, you'll find the in the "logs" folder, so you can see how all the testing went.

I have no doubt that you'll find some things that might cause issues later on in my carreer (as in best practice), I'm eager to know what they are.
If you have tips and trick, i would like to know.

### Featrures:

I have added an additional feature at the "booking" section, which makes it possible to search by date, the date format `YYYYMMDD`, the reason for this, as a host, i would like to be able to make a planning on who is comming in the future or at a specific date, the time however, is more difficult, that is related to travel agengy's, such as an airliner, this is information that you as host do not have.
You can add the date as follow:
`{{baseUrl}}/bookings?checkinDate=2023-07-20`

This also works for `checkoutDate`.

### Disclaimer:

A back-end app that allow users to book there hotel.

---

Note for teacher/mentor.
I hope you'll enjoy checking my back-end app, as it would be nice to have an aswer before the end of this year. :wink:

### Resources:

- <a href="https://www.wincacademy.nl/" alt="winc academy">Winc Academy</a>
- Winc Slack Channels
- <a href="https://chat.openai.com/" alt="Chat GPT">ChatGPT</a>
- <a href="https://www.google.com/" alt="google">Google</a>

Commit message:

relation change still under review

readme.md, after:

# Winc Academy Booking Api

## Final Back-end Development Assignment

### Author: Ben Janssen

## **Version :** 1.0.0

### Discription:

Dear teacher/mentor,
I have used your test from postman, but on most test results, your test was denied access by the server.
I was able to fix some, but still the most was denied access.

---

** NOTE: **

The relation between Amenity and Property is still under review, help is asked in the slack channel.

The code works, but the reference data is not set, nor in the assignment.

---

Short explanation of it's structure.

- In the "data" folder you'll find the data provided by you.
- In the "handlers" folder, you'll find all the possible handlers that i have used, to create this back-end app.
  Meaning that all middleware wheater it is middleware or not, everything that handles somthing, is within this folder.
- In the "postman" folder you'll find the test files provided by you.
- In the "route" folder, you'll find the files that defines all the end points.
- In the "services" folder you'll find the files that makes the end points possible and will execute the provided commands and params.
- You'll also see a file called "todo-list.js", this file is exactly that, it helped me to keep track of this assignment.

I have also added my logs, you'll find the in the "logs" folder, so you can see how all the testing went.

I have no doubt that you'll find some things that might cause issues later on in my carreer (as in best practice), I'm eager to know what they are.
If you have tips and trick, i would like to know.

### Featrures:

I have added an additional feature at the "booking" section, which makes it possible to search by date, the date format `YYYYMMDD`, the reason for this, as a host, i would like to be able to make a planning on who is comming in the future or at a specific date, the time however, is more difficult, that is related to travel agengy's, such as an airliner, this is information that you as host do not have.
You can add the date as follow:
`{{baseUrl}}/bookings?checkinDate=2023-07-20`

This also works for `checkoutDate`.

### Disclaimer:

A back-end app that allow users to book there hotel.

---

Note for teacher/mentor.
I hope you'll enjoy checking my back-end app, as it would be nice to have an aswer before the end of this year. :wink:

### Resources:

- <a href="https://www.wincacademy.nl/" alt="winc academy">Winc Academy</a>
- Winc Slack Channels
- <a href="https://chat.openai.com/" alt="Chat GPT">ChatGPT</a>
- <a href="https://www.google.com/" alt="google">Google</a>
